Note-Section-6.md, before:

## Section 6: Components & Templates - Deep dive
- Separation of concerns: Every component should only do "one thing".
*Separation of concerns vs Simplicity  & code colocation
### The Shadow DOM 
- A browser feature that allows you to attach hidden DOM structures to DOM elements
Ex: The bult-in <video> element hides a more complex DOM tree that's used internally
- For CSS styling, the Shadow DOM can be used to scope CSS styles to that hidden tree - instead of applying styles globally to the entire page.
- Angular can emulate this Shadow DOM browser feature for its own components.
### Component Host Elements
- Every Angular component has a Host Element
Ex: A component with a selector of "app-header" targets and <app-header> element which is rerendered into the real DOM.
- Important: The elements targeted by your component selectors DO NOT ac as placeholders and ARE NOT replaced when the page is rerendered!
- Instead, the selected elements are preserved and simply "enhanced"/taken over by your component logic & markup!
### Class bindings: repetition
<div [class.status]="currentStatus === 'offline'"> // can add or remove class dynamic

Commit message:

300525: binding css classes dynamically & dynamic inline style binding

Note-Section-6.md, after:

## Section 6: Components & Templates - Deep dive

- Separation of concerns: Every component should only do "one thing".
  \*Separation of concerns vs Simplicity & code colocation

### The Shadow DOM

- A browser feature that allows you to attach hidden DOM structures to DOM elements
  Ex: The bult-in <video> element hides a more complex DOM tree that's used internally
- For CSS styling, the Shadow DOM can be used to scope CSS styles to that hidden tree - instead of applying styles globally to the entire page.
- Angular can emulate this Shadow DOM browser feature for its own components.

### Component Host Elements

- Every Angular component has a Host Element
  Ex: A component with a selector of "app-header" targets and <app-header> element which is rerendered into the real DOM.
- Important: The elements targeted by your component selectors DO NOT ac as placeholders and ARE NOT replaced when the page is rerendered!
- Instead, the selected elements are preserved and simply "enhanced"/taken over by your component logic & markup!

### Class bindings: repetition

<div [class.status]="currentStatus === 'offline'"> // can add or remove class dynamic
[style]="{
    'font-size': '64px' // or fontSize : '64px'
}"
or [style.fontSize] = "'64px'"
